Friends Forver

Once upon a time, there lived a mouse and a frog, who were the best of friends. Every morning, the frog would hop out of the pond to visit the mouse, who lived inside the hole of the tree. He would spend time with the mouse and go back home. One day, the frog realised that he was making too much of an effort to visit the mouse while the mouse never came to meet him at the pond. This made him angry, and he decided to make things right by forcefully taking him to his house.

When the mouse wasn’t looking, the frog tied a string to the mouse’s tail and tied the other end to his own leg, and hopped away. The mouse started getting dragged with him. Then, the frog jumped into the pond to swim. However, when he looked back, he saw that the mouse had started to drown and was struggling to breathe! The frog quickly untied the string from his tail and took him to the shore. Seeing the mouse with his eyes barely open made the frog very sad, and he immediately regretted pulling him into the pond.


MORAL : Don't take revenge it might be harmful to you.

It has different meaning for different people..some make friends only for need some fullfill their friends need and always support them in all good and bad times.

My biggest dream was to make one friend like Sudama but it would never happened .

So I wanna to share with you true meaning of friendship by Krishna and Sudama story which was heart warming

Krishna , the prince of Dwaraka , was a student inmate in the hermitage of the sage Sandipani . Sudama , a poor Brahmin boy , was studying at the same time in the same hermitage . Friendship grew between the two . Sudama had married early . His wife too was a good lady . Krishna used to go with Sudama time and often to Sudama’s house where He ate fried rice from the wife of Sudama . Time passed on . Krishna became the king of Dwaraka . Poor Sudama remained poor as before . Once his wife told him to go to Krishna with her fried rice as presentation . After much hesitation and reluctance , Sudama went to Dwaraka . When Krishna saw him ,He took Sudama with all cordiality into His private apartment and washed the feet of Sudama . Krishna discovered the fried rice bound in the napkin of Sudama . He took it and ate it with great pleasure . When Sudama came back home he found that his condition had changed to the best by the grace of Lord Krishna .

This is a story about a task that was given to us today.
We were divided into a team of 5. Each team has to write a story and the final team has to merge it together. The task is easy but the means to do it was a little bit confusing at first as it was to done using github.
So we started making a story.
